Ken: Kelly Roofing was started in 1972 by my father, Joe Kelly.
We service the southwest Florida area.
This is where we grew up, and this is where we're most comfortable.
Staying local allows us to build nice strong relationships with each one of our customers.
Joe: Our main mission our dad always instilled into us, he said
"If you always just make sure that your customer is happy and provide good customer service...
...you'll never have to worry about going to finding work, it'll just come to you."
Ken: We're deeply passionate about the customer opinion of how we do.
We love creating raving fans and cheerleaders
that go and spread the word about Kelly Roofing, and the experience they had with us.
By using technology, we can ensure that the customer receives the experience
that  they expected to receive.
Joe: It's funny because we're just a little local family owned and operated business.
However, I can't tell you how many times customers have the perception that   we're a national company.
And the computer system helps that perception.
Ken:  We started with Office 365 and realized what the Cloud could do for us.
Online was really important to us. The reason why is because we are so mobile.
We didn't want to have to worry about uptime, and all those other issues
that Office 365 got us away from.
We wanted to take our business to the next step, so we started looking for a piece of software
that would allow us to manage our business and our customer relations much better
and that's when we found Microsoft Dynamics CRM online.
We really liked how CRM online integrated with Office 365.
We wanted our team to be faster at what they were doing so they had more time to spend with the customer.
Jennifer: When a customer calls in for an estimate, we can take note of that
right in the computer, right in that moment.
We document it and then I can schedule an appointment for them.
Joe: CRM is able to synchronize that right to the schedule.
Literally, my guys wake up in the morning, they open up their schedule,
and they know where to go because it's already been set up for them.
What's so nice about CRM is whenever you talk to the customer, you can add those notes in.
It gives you an automatic reminder to follow up with that customer
and you're also able to review your notes so you can pick up right where you left off.
Jennifer: I love CRM because it allows us to automate the mundane tasks
so that I can spend more time with my customers.
Joe: Before we used  to have five people to handle all of the clerical work.
Now, with the automation, one person can handle all of that.
Ken: CRM online has allowed us to focus on our customers, make our people happy,
and improve our business.
Knowing that we have doubled our revenue, kept the staff the same size,
and increased customer satisfaction
proves that we made the right decision.